1. Take in marks and rank of a student as an integer input, and follow these
conditions below in the stepwise manner, which is if the condition given before fails
only then move on to the next condition, otherwise don’t
    a. If marks are below 20 or rank is above 100, print “Needs improvement”
    b. Or If marks are below 40 or rank is above 80, print “Concentrate”
    c. Or If marks are below 60 or rank is above 120, print “Needs to focus”
    d. Or if marks are above 100 or rank is below 10, print “Very good”
    e. If none of the above condition follows, print “Bright Student”

2. Take in a character as an input and manipulate it as given under
    i. Condition 1: If the entered character is a small-case character, then
        A. If the character is from character ‘a’ and till the character ‘w’, both
        ‘a’ and ‘w’ included, then
        Jump three times and print the resulting character as explained in
        the example below,
        For eg. If ‘a’ is given then print ‘d’,
        If ‘b’ is given then print the character ‘e’,
        If ‘c’ is given then print the character ‘f’,
        If ‘w’ is given then print the character ‘z’
        B. Else print the string “Can’t jump”
    ii. Condition 2: If the entered character is not a small case character, then print the
    string “Not a small case”

3. Take in a character as an input and then
    a. Print “Small case” if it is a small case character.
    b. Print “Capital case” if it is a capital case character.
    c. Print “Digit” if it is a digit
    d. Print “None” if none of the above conditions follow.

4. Take in a character as an input from the user
    a. If the entered character is a digit, then add 100 to the value of the digit
    entered and print the final answer.
    [ Use the in-built function Character.getNumericValue ]
    b. Else print “This is not a digit”

5. Take in a character as an input from the user
    a. If the entered character is a small-case character, then convert it into the
    corresponding uppercase character and print it.
    b. If the entered character is an upper-case character, then convert it into the
    corresponding lowercase character and print it.